alright here's part 2 using an HD camera
showing you how Netflix works on and
tendo we see my we located just below my
TV it's on component hookup right now
upgraded the wires from my previous post
so here we go show you a little more
accurate version of what the video
quality looks like but is the way not my
blu-ray player you notice the Netflix up
top picture quality was noticeably
different between the composite and the
component video quality
I've also added some movies to my
instant queue just so you could see what
it looks like you cannot add movies from
the Netflix for Wii you have to do it
from the computer that's one of the only
downfalls I've found so far and you
can't search um you have to select from
the drop down menu here and then go left
or right
or just use the select even shows you
how to move your cursor on your Wii mote
so just going to X out of this instant
queue you can see I've added quite a few
we got some older ones here
classics going on Luke mall cop
Angels & Demons what I tested in the
first version I have a TV show I like
man vs. food which quality was great
added just all of my lost I want to
catch up on Hancock that's a relatively
new one so I'll select that so you get a
better idea of the quality some other
ones they've added the pineapple Express
the Netflix is getting more current
let's show Wally Wally looks like a good
video quality test so now select Wally
options of playing we're moving from cue
here we go
[Music]
and then like before I'm just going to
go ahead and skip ahead by selecting the
base pot in the progress bar and you get
the screens that kind of give you the
snapshot of the scene you want to select
select it so again getting close to DVD
quality and not too bad
[Music]
but no crumbs ever come back positive of
war up ahead
move ahead one more time gives you a
good idea of video quality from
something animated definitely not 1080p
definitely watchable and I've added
quite a few movies to my queue so
looking forward using Netflix hopefully
they'll get more current and be able to
compete with Apple TV and iTunes thanks
for watching as I find more features I
will gladly upload them to YouTube